Simple::Redis is pure Perl 6 module for using Redis key-value store
(http://redis.io). Except key/value pairs Redis allows to use
many interesting data structures like hashes, lists, sets and sorted
sets. Additionally features like transactions, commands queue,
publish/subscribe mode and replication are build in. This allow
to classify Redis as "rich NoSQL" database. And last but not least -
Redis performance is very high, for details see Redis homepage.

Redis use simple client-server protocol - request/response is just set
of text lines (UTF-8 aware) finsihed with "\r\n". This make Redis
lightweight and efective as cache for sessions, memoization, etc - and
that all with data persistence (on disk) build in. Becouse of such protocol
real work is done in 'server' part so using Redis on busy WWW frontends
is Good Thing - both for frontends and DB backends.

Library was developed against Redis v2.2 and now v2.4 so that two
versions are 'supported'.

Redis itself can be installed from sources or by:

	apt-get install redis-server

on Debian boxes (actually (2011/11) Redis v2.4 is in 'sid' repository).


INSTALL

Simple::Redis module do not have any special dependencies except
Perl 6 environment. For installation (cloning) source code repository
git VCS is required.

Package installation steps are:

	cd where/you/want/sources
	git clone https://github.com/slunski/perl6-simple-redis.git

then use Perl6 'ufo' tool to get Makefile:

	ufo
	make
	make test
	# FIX #make install  # use 'panda' ?


TODO

Simple::Redis is young project and still under development. At the moment
all commands for normal - db-like-usage - are implemented.  Missing
commands are mainly responsible for remote Redis administration.  List
of other missing things can be found in TODO file.


BUGS

If you find bug(s) or something other in not right shape pleas send info
to developer. Patches are welcome :)


LICENSE

Simple::Redis is distributed on as Perl 6 terms which are collected
in The Artistic License 2.0. Full text can be found in LICENSE file.

